mDNS discovery
mDNS (Multicast DNS) discovery allows access Airzone Devices without using an IP address by clients that support mDNS resolution. mDNS allows devices to discover each other on a local network without the need for a central DNS server. This is particularly useful in environments where devices frequently join and leave the network, such as in home automation or IoT (Internet of Things) setups. The supported Airzone devices with the service enabled will broadcast the services they offer using the mDNS protocol. This means that once an Airzone device is connected to the network, it will announce its presence and the services it provides, making it easily discoverable by other devices on the same network. By using mDNS, clients can resolve the device's hostname to its IP address automatically. This eliminates the need for manual IP address configuration and simplifies the process of connecting to Airzone devices. For example, instead of accessing a device using its IP address (which may change), you can use a consistent hostname like AZW5GRyyyy.local.

Announced mDNS Names
Device Type	PREFIX	Hostname
Aidoo Wifi	AZWS	AZW5GRyyyy
Aidoo Pro	AZP	AZPxxxyyyy
Aidoo Pro Fancoil	AZPFAN	AZPFANyyyy
Webserver Hub 5G	AZW5GR	AZW5GRyyyy
Webserver 5G	AZW5GR	AZW5GRyyyy
Webserver Wifi	AZWS	AZWSWFyyyy
Services Offered
The primary service broadcasted is `_http._tcp.local.``, which indicates that the device offers an HTTP service accessible over TCP. There is active development to enable more services like HTTPS, which will provide secure communication channels.

Example of Use
To communicate with one of our devices, use ".local" as you would use an IP address or domain. For example, to communicate with a Webserver 5G, use AZW5GRyyyy.local (where yyyy are hexadecimal numbers associated with your device, like AZW5GRA052). The Hostname is the same as the Bluetooth identifier found on the product tag. It is broadcasted using mDNS and can be found using tools like avahi-browse on Linux systems or All My Lan on Windows systems. An example of using the curl tool on an Airzone Aidoo Pro (Fujitsu system) with mDNS and LAPI service enabled:

$ curl --location 'AZPFUJ8B09.local:3000/api/v1/hvac' --header 'Content-Type: application/json' --data '{"systemID": 1}'
{
    "data": {
        "systemID":     1,
        "mc_connected": 0,
        "system_firmware":      "10.13",
        "system_type":  2,
        "system_technology":    1,
        "manufacturer": "Fujitsu 3 wires",
        "errors":       [{}]
    }
}